Revamp Windows docs (#1820)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/os_guide/windows_winrm_kerberos.rst

.. note::
    It is also possible to set ``GSSAPIDelegateCredentials yes`` in the ``~/.ssh/config`` file to allow delegation for all SSH connections.

To verify if a user is allowed to delegate their credentials, you can run the following PowerShell script on a Windows host in the same domain:

.. code-block:: powershell

    Function Test-IsDelegatable {
        [CmdletBinding()]
        param (
            [Parameter(Mandatory)]
            [string]
            $UserName
        )

        $NOT_DELEGATED = 0x00100000

        $searcher = [ADSISearcher]"(&(objectClass=user)(objectCategory=person)(sAMAccountName=$UserName))"
        $res = $searcher.FindOne()
        if (-not $res) {
            Write-Error -Message "Failed to find user '$UserName'"
        }
        else {
            $uac = $res.Properties.useraccountcontrol[0]
            $memberOf = @($res.Properties.memberof)

            $isSensitive = [bool]($uac -band $NOT_DELEGATED)
            $isProtectedUser = [bool]($memberOf -like 'CN=Protected Users,*').Count

            -not ($isSensitive -or $isProtectedUser)
        }
    }

    Test-IsDelegatable -UserName username

> Newer versions of MIT Kerberos have added a configuration ok ``enforce_ok_as_delegate`` in the ``[libdefaults]`` section of the ``krb5.conf`` file. If this option is set to ``true`` delegation will only work if the target server account allows unconstrained delegation. To check or set unconstrained delegation on a Windows computer host, you can use the following PowerShell script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Newer versions of MIT Kerberos have added a configuration option ``enforce_ok_as_delegate`` in the ``[libdefaults]`` section of the ``krb5.conf`` file. If this option is set to ``true`` delegation will only work if the target server account allows unconstrained delegation. To check or set unconstrained delegation on a Windows computer host, you can use the following PowerShell script:
```

Reviewer: not sure if "configuration ok" is what you meant here or not. just reads a little weird to me but I don't have a deep knowledge of Kerberos.

Author: Was a mistake, `option` is definitely better here.

    (Get-ADComputer -Identity WINHOST -Properties TrustedForDelegation).TrustedForDelegation

    # Enable unconstrained delegation
    Set-ADComputer -Identity WINHOST -TrustedForDelegation $true

To verify that delegation is working, you can use the ``klist.exe`` command on the Windows node to verify that the ticket has been forwarded. The output should show the ticket server is for ``krbtgt/MY.DOMAIN.COM @ MY.CDOMAIN.COM`` and the ticket flags contained ``forwarded``.

.. code-block:: shell

    $ ansible WINHOST -m ansible.windows.win_command -a klist.exe

    WINHOST | CHANGED | rc=0 >>

    Current LogonId is 0:0x82b6977

    Cached Tickets: (1)

    #0>     Client: username @ MY.DOMAIN.COM
            Server: krbtgt/MY.DOMAIN.COM @ MY.DOMAIN.COM
            KerbTicket Encryption Type: AES-256-CTS-HMAC-SHA1-96
            Ticket Flags 0x60a10000 -> forwardable forwarded renewable pre_authent name_canonicalize
            Start Time: 8/30/2024 14:15:18 (local)
            End Time:   8/31/2024 0:12:49 (local)
            Renew Time: 9/6/2024 14:12:49 (local)
            Session Key Type: AES-256-CTS-HMAC-SHA1-96
            Cache Flags: 0x1 -> PRIMARY
            Kdc Called:

> If anything had gone wrong the output for ``klist.exe`` will not have the ``forwarded`` flag and the server will be for the target server principal and not ``krbtgt``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If anything goes wrong, the output for ``klist.exe`` will not have the ``forwarded`` flag and the server will be for the target server principal and not ``krbtgt``.
```
